docs(inputs): Add plugin metadata and update description for a* to f* (#16097)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/inputs/eventhub_consumer/README.md

# Azure Event Hub Consumer Input Plugin

> This plugin allows to consumer messages from [Azure Event Hubs][eventhub] and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin allows consuming messages from [Azure Event Hubs][eventhub] and
```
